Title: My Lyceum Years and Covid-19
Date: 2024-10-10 22:56
Status: draft
<!-- Modified: 2000-00-00 00:00 -->
<!-- Category: Lifestyle, AI, IT, Arabic -->

Yuksak manaviyat yengilmas kuch. It influenced me a lot. I had a hot discussion with my father about it. He usually answered very joyfully. And if did not know the answer he would compose a realistic answer, 
After entering the Lyceum I spend my summer in our half build house by buying dog, new cattles, ducks, hens, sheeps. Overall, I was on the same boat with nature. The September I started attending lyceum. 
I was amazed and at the same time very happy for the group I am with. People are eager to study and with burning lights. I met there Asilkhan who is also great mathematics and who can solve even better than me. Almost all our thoughts were interfilling each other. He could happily explain me the next year or entrance level math to the university. We played and challenged each other a lot. It was one of the best memories especially during the exams and tough times. He was more stronger and powerful than me. However he was not good with physics and English. I would explain it to him. Sometimes even help friendly to hint to solve english questions or physics. Even I did not attend good physics lectures, I would knew how to use the formula in such way to solve the problem. In my first time to do physics real laboratory experiments. It was such a thing. Why we did not do it at school. Lack of instruments I bet. Having better lunch and sometimes expensive lunch. One friend attended IT class and knew python. Build his telegram bot and use it for something. I used to ask him a lot annoying questions to make sure I understand it. But his explanation and his smile did not help me. I do not have a laptop to practice. 
I meet many people like me who struggle with Russian and yet not mastered Uzbek. As they are in between. Covid.  Lockdown. Online classes. My first real laptop. Very basic. It is actually for my brother. I was waiting for the laptop for so long time. I dream Whan I will do with it. How to manage it. How to connect to internet. My journey to real internet, programming and Yandex, online courses. Even if the lights shut down, I was ready for it. Study python, even if there is no proper room for me to study no desk to write code. I used the iron desk and my desk. I develop the hobit to keep till night and browse internet and practice python only to build telegram bot. Each new thing was fussinating. Can you image all my skills I learned in math are inter friendly with python. Even I do not understand the github and its readme file. The OOP cocnepts and other thing. I was happy just by tappign the keyboward and seeeing the result. It was very thiugh at that time to properly install in windows system.  In Next ramandon 2020, I amanged to build, deploy small telegram bot to shop the prayer time and ramadan timetable as telegram bot from remote. I was very shocked. ….. continued 